k_smakotina, lavrov14798
Keren Levit (336462890), Michael Lavrov (321259079)
EX: 2

FILES:
 -- a file with some code

ANSWERS:

Assignment 1:

1. a. This commands are used to switch between threads.
sigsetjmp function saves the current location,CPU state and signal mask.
siglongjmp function goes to the saved location, restoring the state and the signal mask.

b. The functions sigsetjmp and siglongjmp have an impact on masking,
by saving and restoring the program's signal mask.
So any signals that are received, while the program is running a crucial part of code,
can be temporarily blocked and when the program resumes execution,
any signals that were received during that time will be handled correctly.

2. One general use of user-level threads is in the implementation of the merge
sort algorithm. In each iteration the algorithm divides the array into two
sub arrays and sorts each of them separately. We can make it more efficient
using user-level threads. A new thread is opened for each sub array, so they could
be sorted simultaneously.

3. Advantages:
- A new process for each tab makes them independent from each other. When one tab crashes,
it does not affect the other tabs.
- Opening each tab in a separate process is more secure. When malicious code
is running on a certain web-site, the separation of the processes helps the computer
to protect the rest of the system from this web-site.

Disadvantages:
- High overhead: all operations require a kernel trap, significant work.

4. c. First, when typing the command "kill pid", the keyboard sends a 'hardware interupt' to the OS in order
to recieve the input from the user. The OS handles this interupt.
Then, when we execute the "kill pid" command, the shell program sends a signal to the process with the specified id.
In our case, it is the process which runs the "shotwell" program. The signal is handled by the "shotwell" process. The
signal tells the process to terminate.

5. The 'virtual time' is the running time of a process. 'Real time' is the actual time that passes in the system
(measured in seconds as we know).
An example for using virtual time is the 'Virtual timer', a program that measures the running time of a process.
An example for using real time is the PC, which uses the actual time to synchronize the fetch-execute cycle.





